Online Portfolio

Hi, I'm Sae Na Na (a.k.a Kate Na), a mechatronics design engineer.

Explore some of my work below on controller design and verification, high-efficiency electric vehicle design, and design for manufacturing.

About

Born in South Korea, I spent 11 years in a small city on a mountain in the Philippines. I moved to Ithaca, NY in 2016 to study Mechanical Engineering, with some focus on Robotics and Feedback Controls. After university, I started working in the customer escalations group in ASML, a photolithography company.
​
When I was in the Philippines, I went by the name "Kate Na", which I still sometimes use.

​High-Efficiency Electric Vehicle
​3rd in Shell Eco-Marathon 2019, Prototype - Battery Electric 
https://resistanceracing.engineering.cornell.edu/
https://www.shell.com/make-the-future/shell-ecomarathon/americas/results-and-awards.html

​Generative Design
​Featured in an Autodesk campaign and submitted for the Technical Innovation Award
https://www.autodesk.com/campaigns/education/generative-design?mktvar004=3412529148&internalc=true
Read the report here

Engineering Outreach
​Featured in The Hour, a local newsletter
https://www.ctinsider.com/news/thehour/article/Norwalk-robotics-team-gets-inside-look-of-15084347.php

Motor Dynamometer
​Instrumented with strain gauges and RPM sensors, this outputs a torque vs speed plot for the motor.

​Autonomous Mobile Robots
​A 3-person simulation project to localize, map, and path-plan through a partially unknown map. Report

Honda Aircraft Company
​Developed heat transfer calculations and troubleshooting flowcharts.
HondaJet.com

Cube-Collecting Robot
3-person project to design and prototype a robot for a competition with cost constraints

Topological Optimization
​Load-bearing chassis support for the 2019 electric vehicle

Steering System
​For our 2020 electric vehicle, the steering system includes a gearbox and wheel mounts

Carbon Fiber Tube Research
Performed tension tests on carbon fiber tubes, and studied CT scans and optical microscopy images

Composite Foam Stop
​This multi-stiffness stop is manufactured from two-part foam and 3D-printed molds

CAM + 3-axis CNC
​I worked on the CAM and CNC manufacturing of the part shown.

Vegetable Chopper
A 3-weeks, 2-person project to ideate, design, and manufacture a commercial kitchen-use prototype

Water Pump
6-person group project to design and machine a water pump to meet a spec of 4L/min
